CIS 4301 Trendemics Page Blurbs

Home page
Welcome to Trendemics!
With this website, we attempt to provide tools for the visualization of worldwide and US state specific COVID data, along with interesting and possibly related factors in demography, mobility patterns, and government responses. It is our hope that the analysis of trends in COVID cases can be correlated with potentially influencing factors, supporting the emergence of patterns that may spur further research and direct public health efforts.

Query 1 Page
Here, we visualize the vaccination rate in a given country compared to COVID case rate of that country, displayed over time. 
Dates are measured on the x axis and the correlation factor is displayed on the y axis. 
If the correlation value is close to 0, the vaccine rate and covid case rate are very similar.
If the correlation value is between 0 and 1, the case rate is higher than the vaccine rate.
If the correlation value is greater than 1, the vaccine rate is higher than the case rate.

Please select the country you are interested in to get started.

Query 3 Page
Here, we visualize the government responses to the pandemic in a given country compared to COVID case rate of that country, displayed over time. 
Government responses are represented as a stringency index, which is an aggregated value of such responses as school closings, income support, debt relief, testing policies, face coverings, public events, and international travel. 
Dates are measured on the x axis and the correlation factor is displayed on the y axis. 
If the correlation value is close to 0, the government response rate and covid case rate are very similar.
If the correlation value is between 0 and 1, the government response rate is higher than the vaccine rate.
If the correlation value is greater than 1, the government response rate is higher than the case rate.

Please select the country you are interested in to get started.

Query 5.1 Page
Here, we visualize the incidence of COVID cases among people of a certain age group as a factor of total COVID cases among all age groups. 
This data is specific to the United States.
Months are measured on the x axis and the case rate is displayed on the y axis.
If the case rate is close to 0, a small percent of total cases occured in the specified age group.
If the case rate is close to 100, a large percent of total cases occured in the specified age group.
Please select the state and age group you are interested in to get started.

Query 5.2 Page
Here, we visualize the incidence of COVID cases among people of a certain race as a factor of total COVID cases among all races. 
This data is specific to the United States. 
Months are measured on the x axis and the case rate is displayed on the y axis.
If the case rate is close to 0, a small percent of total cases occured in the specified race.
If the case rate is close to 100, a large percent of total cases occured in the specified race.
Please select the state and race you are interested in to get started.

Query 7 Page
Here, we visualize the changes in mobility patterns in a given country compared to COVID case rate of that country, displayed over time. 
Mobility patterns are available for transit stations, residential, workplaces, parks, grocery/pharmacy, and retail/recreation. 
Dates are measured on the x axis and the correlation factor is displayed on the y axis. 
If the correlation value is close to 0, the mobility pattern rate and covid case rate are very similar.
If the correlation value is negative, this mobility pattern rate has decreased since the previous measurement.
If the correlation value is positive, this mobility pattern rate has increased since the previous measurement.
So, if you see a large positive value, this would represent a larger increase in mobility with a smaller instance of covid cases.
Conversely, if you see a large negative value, this would represent a larger decrease in mobility with a smaller instance of covid cases.

Please select the country and mobility pattern you are interested in to get started.
